This thousand lights
There is no light shining for me
That would be fine.
I can do it, no worries, with a lucifer
Went to see mom
Miss Xueqin's mother
Please help me
I don't want to die.
Mrs. Ye
Roxelle is not your biological daughter
What's the point of saving him?
Every year I know you blame me
Although Xueqing is not my biological child
But he is the child I have raised for 20 years
If you have something to release
Please give me a chance.
I will make it up to you.
I want my mom back
Is that okay?
miss
The dead cannot come back to life
I know he raised you for 20 years
But what
Before my mother died, she wanted to meet her own daughter
Is he wrong?
That's right, but Xu Qing didn't know about it.
He is innocent.
He is innocent
He grew up making my mom pick up dirty food from the ground and eat it
You said he was innocent
I was wrong
I apologize to you.
I beg you to let me go
I don't want to die.
As long as you let me go
I can give you a lot of money.
I'll give you anything you want I beg you
I don't want to die.
Mom
Every year it's all my fault
It's all my fault for being too indulgent with him
Blame me for being too indifferent to divorce
If you have anything to vent, come to me
Please let Xuan Qing go, okay?
You can also let go of the falling snow.
After all, I promised my mom I wouldn't hurt her
If I want you
Kneel down for me